# Python is the Language to Learn
## If there was only one language...
Python is often described as powerful, yet easy to learn. It is a general purpose programming language, yet it comes with thousands of libraries for working with data. It is often the first language people learn, yet it is the language people use decades later in their career. Python is often the first tool people grab when they need to create a quick prototype, yet it is the language that powers some of the most complex projects. The power and flexibility with thousands of libraries made Python the language of choice for data scientists, data engineers, data analysts and AI researchers in leading companies and startups alike. Python is essential for any resume and it is a must-have skill for anyone who works with data.

In short, if you could only learn one programming language, Python should be the language to learn.

---

## A Few Things To Know About This Course
- This course is **self-paced**. There is no instructor to follow or to rush you along - you learn on your own schedule. This also means you are going to need to be disciplined in your studies.
- You can start it at any time and you can take as long as you need to complete it. Your place in the course will be remembered and your labs will be saved. However, we strongly recommend that you don't take prolonged breaks between lessons as the mind tends to forget what it does not practice.
- You can review the course as many times as you wish, even after completing it.
- This is a hands-on course where you will gain practical skill by doing hands-on labs. We provide a a complete virtual lab environment on the cloud that you can access from anywhere as long as you have internet connection.
- We strongly recommend that you use Chrome or Firefox browser
- You can watch videos and read course materials on a mobile device. However, you will likely need to use a computer for hands on labs as small screen size and lack of keyboard make mobile devices a poor choice for hands on labs.